EID-1016: Make "environment" in the MSA config a required value (#54)
alphagov/rp-onboarding-tech-docs: source/pages/matching/matchingserviceadapter.rst

  * for the production environment, use the provided ``prod_ida_metadata.ts`` file (this is the default setting in the ``prod-config.yml`` file)

> 10. Set the ``environment`` value to either ``PRODUCTION`` or ``INTEGRATION``. This ensures that the MSA uses the correct ``hub`` and ``idp`` truststores shipped with each release. If you need to override these, for instance for testing in Integration, set both the ``hubTrustStore`` and ``idpTrustStore`` values instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 10. Set ``environment`` to either ``PRODUCTION`` or ``INTEGRATION``. This ensures that the MSA uses the correct ``hub`` and ``idp`` truststores for each release. If you need to override the default truststores during testing, add ``hubTrustStore`` and ``idpTrustStore`` to the ``metadata`` section.
```
